Feature/fuelstream (#4)
fuel-infrastructure/sp1-fuelstream: script/tests/fixtures/README.md

Reviewer: Maybe document a bit how you generated all of the files in this fixtures folder? 🙏

## Sequencer

To obtain the fixtures for the sequencer, you can use the normal tendermint RPC calls, usually on port 26657.

> To obtains the fixtures for grpc queries, you can use the swagger api as follows `<RPC>/swagger/#/Fuel%20Sequencer%20Queries/BridgeCommitment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the fixtures for grpc queries, you can use the swagger api as follows `<REST>/swagger/#/Fuel%20Sequencer%20Queries/BridgeCommitment`.
```
